Good afternoon Mr. Jairo blog, very
good sir, today is a day of
celebration. I was there
to show myself,
talking to him, we are both saying that they are
not going to compensate us. Let's see, he
told me that he had a month and a half. He is in Quilmes
tonight, more tables.
We are now talking to him so that
people don't get in the right place. No, you give yourself a
strike, you peel them and then in the
try table, let's say that it appears appealed. If it
is in process, if it does
n't give you anything because maybe he
hasn't even peeled it or you put
appeal rejected. And that's what we've been doing. It
was already on the 9th, we've been approximately
20 days, 16, 17, 6, and since
we appealed it, then one night he
was telling me that on the other occasion,
a doctor didn't give me an iron and it still didn't show
up as appealed. In fact, what's more, now I
spoke to a convicted supporter. The
car that I have the most contact with, I've
been talking to him for almost three months with the
same supporter and because there is one of the
videos of Yao Cabrera, doubt is Castell and
the girl is in the hotel which I
said in the sights says  appealed
almost three months ago it's going to expire in
three weeks and there's still no response
and it tells me of course that you have deleted the
video no longer forgiven if not it will delete
the user would be put to deleted the video
however if I click oppose the video is not
available therefore it has been there
on youtube who deleted that video without
my consent you ca
n't delete it
u2 no forgiven if it's me it says the user
has deleted the video treats it it wasn't
me it's her it expires
polite and without response
extradition in the video about core in the
third video about drive which by the way
took me like so even longer than now it
took me to respond to if he is worth it
I even got to think how it was
a pretty aggressive video I got to
think that I had expired
I wanted that we had a month to
respond and without the least also
response they rolled is what I believed
and of course to say that I had that night
that another kid named Andrew blog
no I didn't know him these days he has a
kid who has 160 170 thousand
subscribers he had been the same he had been on a
video for two months without me responding and
in  the other one well two or three weeks ago
like me and I didn't answer him and Aragon is
going to answer this we're going to keep it
quiet for a couple of months at least
so they're there when I get back to go back
smoother what I thought and now this Andre
blogs this one didn't know about gmail that they have
the email that they have from
six thousand subscribers and that you get on
the same day and they give it or the email and
effectively a few hours later they remove it they
extract it it seems really incredible
incredible we are
selecting those who give us money well
this one is like dragged now those who
give us money like here if better
deal you know that's that lonely one
enjoys it already in part I understand it
for that those from Dallas although I want to
kill is looking gave an out in the
threw on twitter balls guys already
throwing twitter or in other words it throws you that the
video to meristation throws the page
also when he put to read and ask for whatever it is
done by Victor dude he gets
into a plan orderly as a putt and Ximo
sick well sick that is done and
Celia will look for everything there is  on
it and he keeps throwing it away and like Spaniards and they
call or on Twitter and you don't feel
ashamed it was something that keeps
going on people are obviously not going to
notice you said
but there's a point that when you want to
hide everything so much it's because there's something
from a point where your defense
no longer makes sense no one wants to remove and
eliminate everything bad about him on the
internet right now in the
decision making it's not about eliminating everything no and it's that I don't
understand that
I deleted many of erasers
apart from the fact that the channels with more than
six thousand subscribers in sight it's
good what I want to tell you that it's
clear that our videos do not
violate any rules because returned
exactly that on the one hand since if we had
had more than one hundred thousand
subscribers and we had this
direct contact with the one I'm talking to you with
two days later posted on the same day
on YouTube
then you imagine iron what I
was telling you no you imagine you in your
studio
and you have a game there
what are you giving yourself per month
you yourself are not going to harm your
salary no you are not going to  take turkey and
even if he sings really badly and you're going to kick him out
of the studio
be a [ __ ] [ __ ] but I'm
making money in your house this is not
going to be thrown out on youtube for example it's
like the cne for what we were
talking about everything about youtube charges the same
as copper it was situated charges a thousand euros I
was there too charges a thousand euros and you
charge so people understand if I
buy 300 euros / month it means that it
generates 2,600 that 300 is for me 300
years I had then how much can
a monetization brand charge at 20 or 30 thousand euros
now now less with what has
happened but even for a couple of
years quietly calmly
but why doesn't he really talk to you only
color of youtube and little else because he doesn't
have brands or sponsorships because of the
image that he is giving people
do not want him as a sponsor then he
earns nothing because of that mother without more I
don't remember the only thing and one does not go out with
crappy clothes was promoting
there
and it is that he does not achieve it also the
flipas that you see dallas always with plain
red pants  shorts the same
gray t-shirt and the same cap with that plan you'll
have 10 thousand bucks a month but it's
tacky you know you're a [ __ ] tacky Europe
has summer caste creative caste it
's funny that we are from beauty
fashion to makeup plus they take
care of what you have and go out with you like
planting a short and a disgusting shirt
all sweaty the same as always and
always I won't realize they train
so lazy caste and subtle they
take care of it and the image person continued up
to that point
in the video between a good part that you already
know not what I told you when he
says the [ __ ] 22 minute 3d video
paying less than the account what he does and the
poor guy didn't realize that he had a little bit
of pee loose no apart from that for
now 10 uploaded the video whether he's saying or
measured two weeks and left the animals
here at home he says
and I'm not saying it's ugly no but damn [ __ ]
use soap because his hair
really looks like it's going to squeeze him and
get oil out of there you can't achieve it or
if you are going to touch it your  mecanos the option
wants
Everton transnationals to the right
about salty that we are going to freak out it is
incredible what you are saying in
part of nothing I understand them I understand not even
heat them enter that money and I
understand well youtube is given they are not going
to the same canine treatment preferential treatment
if possible okay it has to be
is that if you realize in reality
the rules are not he does not break them in a
hundred videos he is a shitty guy we
all know but in his videos you ca
n't say [ __ ] we are going to have
the channel it
is that the moral is good and ethical
but then you the videos there is
some that are still in charge he has a
big phobia there are some that have
machismo
they go to bidding for hate there is also
zero it is
not worth pulling the channel guy
who gives us fifteen thousand euros a month
three hours six hours in less than 48
hours they took 63 because first there
were three to close Americana he
recovered it then another three and
again the same thing in hours they took it away from him he is
distracted and we are here how
bad it has been for me Jairo this
week they are two weeks
imagine me  I had it closed for 21 days
but I've reached the level I had
last night, it's reached the level of getting into
your twitter, support for almost everyone, now
counting the days since
you posted the screenshot, I'm trying something
that I train every day and I have
some news and I don't answer the question, not
to Nauta the same because there are those who are also
very shameless because
all the videos about Dallas have
put an extra in the video, they weren't the
videos from it was the whole thing, there
is a nuance in the video of the 13th
but it's my fault, have they seen it but
really, really not really
because I have re-uploaded the videos that I am a doctor from
Dallas to
my secondary channel and to
this day none of them have any kind
of warning,
to the point of uploading a video on two
channels, the main one was thrown out on
the secondary one, nothing happened and the videos that they
have right now have 20 views and nothing happened, I
don't know if it's okay at noon, but look, do
you remember? I don't know if it happened to you, the
same can go to us like it did to me, do you
remember that before  of the strike
normally for example by car
who is more of the
age group and then extracting on the same
path
in the UNR ebook or in other words a video that
you say is that many people have not been able to enter there
now they
tell me it is a million visits in
some of the other two but
in this video of the hunger boom only he is
interested in removing it but I don't know if
you and someone else [ __ ]
first he put the first now they
reached the age restriction and then he will
help us at 46 he could
not stand it and sent him the email if I
am there not to Juanito anything because it is that
realize what I am
telling you Cairo
these people to have the contact that
direct from YouTube if the video really
has nothing they remove it in
two or three hours it would be a waste of time
no no to us you want that he has not silenced us
although now we have won but it is not like that
den xiao damn some video of taking
was dropped in these two or three weeks if
the part contributing the shot and everything
effectively surely we are not
science well the fact is that no
evaporation was lee put the
age restriction then it came to me
first  the strike on Andrew's
and in the second viral one in which he has
half a million
and then the one in the middle got the
age restriction
and they even removed the restriction of
the in that video they put the pile of
row in an incredible way and ask
you you told me and I set employment
stability I look at updates
goodbye strike and I or rather the fact in
a brutal way or rather all the people who
had videos about him have removed strike
at the same time or rather it was the plan
hit points a lot of coincidence not clear
also in my secondary channel that my
secondary channel was not about the subject of
the secondary channel I had it the same
when I entered you have to produce one bust at a
time sorry but it was not the same subject
about the era about the root and if this
rock video says that it came out for seven
minutes enjoy it free
and they sent a second one bring it on this
channel and they have returned the video to me
in different different places
different it makes no sense we do not have to
give them good sticks to the Galician tongue
the entire thread that I am dedicating to
art n david that they owe me money and they
tell me how clear it is that you are
binding and I've been in school since
September, son of a [ __ ], and that unemployment since
July, and on four channels, which has
four channels with them, and it was left as a
plan
and I have some contracts, I'm here, I've
managed to get him to file a complaint and will
against them
for months.
I'm going to give him a
look, he's also calling me, his
brother, and the mariachi. Let's see, then I'll give
way, okay, we have pending
comments on the thread, I don't know if you're going to
dedicate a few words to him, and look
in a video now, when you get back,
and a compilation video of theater that
happened during this time, and not just
things, I'm not afraid. Tell me about one
thing about the monetization of videos, in
case you know, a couple
of months ago,
Coca-Cola, Pepsi, and Doctor Peter were
the three companies that took over
YouTube, three companies that
boycotted it, no, and coincidentally,
a lot of people have complained that when
you make a video about a catastrophe,
even if you're commenting on it, you can't
move the video. It happened to Kiss in
Stat, which said that this video was going to be
donated entirely to the  from las
vegas since I don't have that there was a video
with almost 2000 views and from
pando youtube lee sing no what is clear is
that this video as it is a catastrophe cannot be
politicized even if the cause is
good which I until then had not
well but well we justify it
however there are videos in the us with 8 9 and 10
million views in trends number
1 they are a catastrophe outside of
las vegas and yes they have ads
coincidentally for movies and when you go to
see the ads that come out in the middle
on television bbc and cnn they coincidentally
are coca-cola pepsi doctor
peter ads and you realize that damn you
said that you did not want your
advertising to appear in videos about
catastrophes and such and however in the
stress vibe on cnn when there is a
catastrophe in the middle there are
advertising steps and your companies appear
and I have screenshots and everything and I am
left with a face of seriously you have such a
big face or do you realize
that  it's all a [ __ ] monopoly it's a
noar company and more to tell you but
to unsuspected points and then no longer
from Dallas you are not doing all this to us, I am
saying that this man has a
very important hand in google brutal
in Ireland but brutal in radio radio
fruta because in Spain those who carry
this even until a long time ago were
women and apart from that it was a very
feminist objective sharp had it very crossed
therefore if it could not rumble it is
because he has someone much higher up
youtube Spain what it has of strikes and
so on so I think he has someone
there in Ireland who was central very
close and very close for that I do not believe
that the devil pushes me I do not believe that it is
so much what you said in the
video no for example that he has the
office close and I do not believe that it is so much
because realize that we are
talking about Syria you see that he has 100,000
subscribers he already has a
direct contact through an email
who responds to him now in half an
hour that he does not have a note that he has six
million that he will have such a joke  Someone
to listen to me
for example has six million if he doesn't
have a contact beyond that
many today has this creator's email
and then has it through the
company's web of his planet but he doesn't
have an extra contact to be able to
contract with someone with YouTube and has
followers what in Welsh has
a mixed line of the
[ __ ] list like him to allow these
things suicide
that don't [ __ ] with me no and it's what I
was telling you what I understand the
theater but the preferential treatment this is
evident no that is understandable let's not
be hypocritical here either no that is
understandable but I think that 20 days
since we appealed I think it's
quite good
I think that if you are a channel for example
with 100 followers that uploads a video that is
30 years old and that you complain by sending what you
do to support otherwise I can understand
that it takes longer with you because it is a
person who is not assiduous and does not have
this almost not even as a young person and as nothing but
when you already have a certain assiduity a certain
time on the platform one two three
years more than 200 videos your videos after
weeks you have to raise influence and everything
I  I understand that a minimum portrait at
least because you could extend
things have to be given a minimum you know
and not to say the aesthetic plane the same because
you generate and I generate half a million
visits a month easily and Kiti
winner in twenty one days I answer you bent
down and I was encouraged what I enjoyed it is
very rare very clear of the obvious is that
now suddenly they solve it all today
at noon that from the first hour there in
Canada not anywhere
to me they remove the extract the
age restrictions of the videos of
resource age restriction because my
point of extinction of at least in
two or three videos it brings you too and
already forms the secondary channel of mine
also it
is as if we are going to remove our
circulation as the production chains
we appeal at that moment on that same day
from outside and I really iron I don't
think they asked for it review no and one of
the very important things for me that I
say in this video that you said like it's
not normal that they put the monetization thing on me
and then
a growth of the video was already raised
Bastian reviewed it all before  scroll
is by the temple because soldier this one if
this one is not exactly in the
mother videos that they have returned to me the videos they
return them as is but you are not put
with the yellow icon and pending
review as you know if you have to
return it at
least I do not have the yellow review and
the second trend is the one from Dallas with
the logos here that have the thumbnail
the subscribers on the face not that video
well really the three videos made
that week
- they work with the yellow icon as I
uploaded it costing lost there is a
tremendous amount of money no but if later
they put it with the green icon I understand
that someone has reviewed it to return it to
me to monetize it how the hell do you get a
strike on this video if they have already
done it and it has been reviewed no that is
something that does not make sense and now they
have returned the videos to me but they have to
review it again to put the icon
see is that I do not understand it they are not it is
maybe you told me in the support
high support in salt no it is not
media support a high support they said that my
thumbnail
had something that they did not like and the
title you do not choose either look at the thumbnail
because I had tears I didn't plan to paint
blue and I said look sorry but I'm
going to send you four videos of Dallas with
miniatures that have this painted
blue and not only that but also to
say that the title that I have put is the
same that it has until the exam in
lowercase and capital letters the same only
at the end it says from the review or in other words the
end of the controversies since the arrangement and to
put into controversial words routes without a
hotel and of course yes as a plan of a
well wait I'm going to climb it
department you no longer have a [ __ ] idea
you are talking nonsense just for saying and I don't
know if they pay you for that they pay you to
say excuses well you are terrible you know how I
can say this and I say this I say
this because of the miniature that has
blue water and the title president is the same egg
and the miniature until they will have the photo
of him how to say that this is because of
content already with intimidation seven thousand
the faith so what is it
for the day I tell you I have that it is
one thing I
understand that this that he is with
intimidation with depression with everything
evidently it is that he has nothing and
everything he had  has broken up or rather all
his family his friends his ex-partners
his friends he has been left with nothing he
has nothing I mean he has nothing but his
unbalanced family his partner is
with him because she has no other choice
he has created his world and he is in his
world and he believes that this is a
real world and that the rest is a conspiracy
against him no and it is the plan of I think that
if you are a little more the eyes see the
[ __ ] reality and you see the kind of monster
that directly does not give to people and not
sending it to you nobody will talk about you
currently and on twitter it will be closed
today or rather on networks and that day because of the
heat no no no currently
this morning the closer is tweeting over
play
the element a stranger who came out the boss
if he is there at least you start
having a coffee iron who starts to
review the one who places and throw the video
then the one who is the one who wants to impose
a rule here that nobody can
talk about him on the internet [ __ ] this goes
I think he has that group of he
has an instagram group well they have a
couple of them in fact I think
a girl who was in that group and who
told me that any news that
there was about which any
instagram that talks about him any
tweet about him any videos or the one that
was notified the instagram group that
was the group with the most followers
obviously all and it is that it does not give
what coincidence or a little a little the
pull of always no then of course the
talks and I learn naturally in this
writing they said or in other words that they will
install put photos of you in these already
a group of detectives for frank's
personalized without putting a [ __ ] penny
then that is what is causing
the people who follow him to start
looking for everything about the one who is notified and
is in charge of the south or the executor of the
big [ __ ] because the fact of throwing videos
throwing twitter instagram or whatever it
takes because in that group behind him
that he says everything
for example the training video of when
I fought with him forced that obviously
got out of hand this video because he
messed with me very much with me
insulted him well and I give him a good
review that glass had a
strike just as it was  uploading
then I would have imagined normal
like with the wig
inside that it is Dallas that I
thank him that it is not
the three videos are mine last of the
trilogy does
not have any strong fruit for more time
that I tell him that it seems that he has
gasoline in his hair this is the most image
that I tell him in the video
if he wanted to do the harassment he could
do it because I have his address I have his
phone I
already have all his information about his mother
his sister I already have two of their information because of a
group of hackers called Anonymity
and others that gave me their information followed I
searched there then pardon it is
information in a public way and it
went viral plan with you to buy one hundred
euros of advertising and you see that this video
a channel that I have lying around went
viral there that I'm [ __ ] there I
can [ __ ] with a lot of people
can send things and so on today we want to
locate whatever it was if they are watching
but it is that they are not my opinion how
can you give it about a video game a
movie in a way I don't know what is
professional but since you want to
silence everyone and you are
here in the very sir what a [ __ ] and this
can be talked about and  this no if you're going to
find you're [ __ ] against
me no max it's a dictatorship that I know of
to this day I don't know a little
objective not trying it's a little
objective not me videos the same
that they insult each other a lot and they say
a lot to the bacillus city okay let's
try to be a little objective it's not everything
maybe but it's that he's throwing videos
at the slightest that they don't take the dawn they
are at the slightest that he looks bad that
one more argument is given he's throwing them away and
so right now my
main objective right now what I want is to
reach 100,000 subscribers
whatever it takes because because in the case that
a problem happens to me I can
fix it the same day at least for
that I have the same thing in
mind is that all the
videos that I'm going to talk about Dallas at
least until this strike is removed which will
last me three weeks like that until
that point of increase is reached what to do is
if one is about the secondary
the main thing is a video of more than
seconds saying that it usually life such and
of this channel point and disagreement video I
delete it today I was thinking and  this
activates also just before because
just before looking at the I was already
desperate I is that throws my I like
a lot is on youtube I like a
lot is uploading video has to me
every day that state without uploading videos and they
are not burning I have a package
that arrived yesterday that at once to that
now they send the products for a video
for that that has a commitment that
also is more than once
now that it starts I don't know what it
does is because I had here the three or
four videos that I am uploading now and I
say what I say now what it does is upload them
to the secondary channel like the
secondary channel delivered a thousand and often the tail
of losing it
the video sending people to the
secondary and the acts and so on or get
into youtube and see me it is a green uncle sabah
and we are going to answer what I tell you I
was already thinking about the session but I
tell you one thing I am going to continue making
the videos and every time I have to the
servant of young people and I always have to
delete it sticks two weeks in your video then
again but I do not me this guy is not going to
shut me up symbol of less wait for the
time for this clean Alcala that
we have left because here immediately that
of a month at the most or other than the
cleaning of it I think it is the 25th
also I think a month exactly but yes of
course with the clean channel it would be much
better because it is not the same as them putting me
if they put stripes on you, you have this
through two weeks if you do not answer
the two weeks pass that you can see the
punishment we have fulfilled that yes it is
unfair because they have taken it from us it
evokes that it turns out that the videos
had nothing but the punishment of the two
weeks did not eat it with potatoes without
eating or drinking it
calling just an email now to support
also to those above in part he looks at
not only my channels but also Harvey
Slater's mine even at 200 the same thing happened to him
and because this gentleman from this current
channel all of his channel
this gentleman is dedicated to constantly reporting all
the videos that are
talking about him however 7-6 his
channel you can see that he also to
other people and when they sanction him
nothing happens then I am not saying that you
sanction him but in that way the same as  it's
the rod with him it's of the sanction with me
too and with javi too with you too
already with everything it's the same if they
sanction me neither they neither
period because which to all or no one
but okay this one yes and this one no be there
but or rather water all or no one there's no
more and then I told him like that
wants that I'm fed up with it
happened to me twice and I already had five
strikes they have removed four strikes I have
lost the channel because of him
then stop to recover and emir and that
like what follows in the end that photo well
but methods balls that you have to be
two weeks
recover the channel three weeks or a
month and a half lost
can you continue balls basically it is
like this
this car is that it has touched our
money the money followers visits
positioning new followers
know everything everything
but not that much in comparison for what he
earned but he lost good 200 300
subscribers with this [ __ ] of having
had the videos in private the pain
of the axis
and to the part for example the videos the
big video for example that has one
million two hundred thousand visits that video
surely if he hadn't cut it that
video that has followed this position  oh
[ __ ] great if I hadn't cut it
that video continues
if you had one with 1,500,000 and the other
accountants take them all in a row with
200,000 almost today at two hundred thousand almost
this video would have stopped another with
half a million euros the next thing I
was in a video that was me talking
about people he was criticizing me for
having the videos that are trending and another
video that I made shows that he tattooed his
face web a lot on his ass that is a
video they had a lot of views be
I would have given the channel a hard time in those
days and humidity continued gaining many
subscribers many views it is that it has
touched my wallet the bastard is behind
doubled the followers in your case in
that a week and a bit with and those 32 days
in those videos
and continue uploading for their batteries at
50,000
has reached jairo but what was it that he
cut off the tap because of course what I
did that I also believe that if I hadn't
done it today I would have
closed the channel they would not have returned it to me
but the channel would have
locked up if I do not carry put all the
videos in private channel to me the
third extract arrives to me surely right-handed
says that puts in private everything
escalated about the insurance what
controversial phrase also put them in private
all of them I put all air because I say
is that youtube has no logic and the
same to have what they are insulting
someone and the same another video that
has nothing I do not have return
then I say now I get an extra
and in any video that I do not expect and
period because obviously here when they have
put an extra on you at the
time of uploading it in that video you did not
expect that it comes down with an extra since
no of course obviously I say in
any video that does not hit me one is going to
fall on me it is
good I do not risk it I am going to
lose a lot of subscribers I am going to
lose a lot of position and fast but I do
not lose the channel because I want it to be
the blonde but right now it reaches 26 27
thousand subscribers thinking from scratch that it would not
be easy to know things today it
would not be easy at all for I say that's it and I
lose it and anaut the saying that does the
same I say stop the videos they are going to
answer you in  any time since they are not
responding to everyone said
stop the videos that you have very very very very
clear that they do not have risks of the
try
but very clear the point that I arrived that I
put everything in private a pickpocket
up and I host wait take care of you
blessing in reforms
how to say that I would bend down [ __ ] up [ __ ] up
obviously because I wanted had seen twist
exists union does not exist yet I do not know first
a little higher insists on everything macho
in opening taste before point
before this happened to me I was already
uploading the twizy works and that I was already
playing already in the tweet no
but not from a bear that has been out of
boredom for preparing videos for
the channel now when I returned like for
example now that the video that I just
uploaded today does not make much sense this
video because it was already a topic from
last week your airs our videos
want that they do not have an expiration date
as we always talk and I was already
recording videos that were going to be
late and that I did not know when I was going to
return because I say maybe they
answer me now or if they do not answer me put
where to wait November 30 to  that
at least the first one expires and
that animal adda is usually carried out in
fact with three videos well a plan will
finally come they will reach people will
find out about his life and will find out or rather
I hide it from myself worse I expected it to be
worse the truth but the two videos like that that
went up yesterday and today well yesterday was a piece of
[ __ ] confusing and it was announced so that
people would come here no but the
video this afternoon and the video today
or I notice that he has lost the boom the
boom that I had the last day of life has not
resulted in the lost thigh no but it is
better than when he had 36 thousand
subscribers before the boom before and
after well if it has not died completely the
channel has not died but it is true
well now I am going to have to give it
a lot of stick to return it to refuge and
also in conditions now it is necessary
that others youtube asks him for [ __ ]
[Laughs]
if he does something more video clip like this a
little in the middle with the sister
to destroy him to delete the channel in an
extra plan and whites that is how we were
talking before or not like that
the ballad is not destroyed doing it you  they are going to load it
each one the only way to destroy it
is in a plan that people subscribe that they
lose the public
like the school, I mean it is not to argue
but it is to understand if you understand in the
end it finds its meaning well it is the
same the plan by rule of believing in it
because never
the damage of the people who have had
visits that they have lost quite
coincidentally nothing has not
yet put the subscribers in
public no
I think that it must have like four
million 800 thousand nine hundred thousand right now
a moment in the fifth moment I
think it was when he gave it in the channel
again in a small period of time and
someone insecure captures and it had four
million eight hundred and something thousand that
puts random numbers but it
coincides with me four million 800 thousand to 5 thousand
700 thousand
says mobile of course you go in from
the mobile in a channel that does not have the
subscribers that have them hidden okay
and you go into your channel for example where
you go into the moving channel and then you
go into the one in Dallas and it appears at
75,000 appears the  from the last
channel you were on and
she was
inside the u2 went to her channel and left
and then shortly after came back in
again and that was when
youtube apologized so everything
hit her just right and in that time that she had
the channel open the new one I look at it
in terms of measurements it is 800 and some thousand and it
coincides because the video of saying
uploaded had 280 thousand dislikes in that video
so she lost triple the followers or
the father easily so I
estimate that she lost about a million
followers
today of active people which is
brutal to realize that in
these five that she has left in that
the subscribers I now have 13 thousand
subscribers who are new
you have that did not have an eye-catching video they
have subscribed god knows when they are
subscribed for the video challenges are already
there I love nor enter youtube because they have already
made another account there are no
subscribers like that in the whole world
we have no but yes it is true that
on the same day I remember that it was
brutal that on the same day a
few hours after uploading the video  PSOE
uploading videos at night not by the
six letters and in Spain and so at
dawn and such within a few hours it usually has
more than a million views it does
n't usually have and now it hasn't
taken another day to have the million if it
arrives and if there is even to be in the
list and also social mass lady lee if
the field grew at all since she went through
that and her last video that came out I think it
has a day 205 different entities I had
my division it wouldn't be with the serve in the
affection to the channel that bought voice been
now the clubs and I think that to
buy the plan effectively and it's
filling the channel for when they
show them not to show this
host but you have to buy almost a thousand
bots that has to be a fortune and
let's say
in informal youtubers always always
a number that will have the same visit
but for example the problem
[Music]
100 thousand or 400
2 to 2
now I think we comply you and I
look at each other and more or less you will be
complied with no longer
no because I think that  it was you had to have
a million and a half I have a million
meaning we don't get there for a couple of months with a
lot but it didn't get there you always have to
have more and a half visits per month
the visit was also the hour of the
hours and my videos 67 minutes meaning that they
make videos of 40 90 well of course I have
videos in the middle you get there
but with less than 65 minutes you
have to have thousands and a half
because I think it was 400,000
hours a year of what we were and
then 90 in cash is going to buy
to buy well I tell you that
this person that we think this
person who doesn't have money then I
think there is something free out there
is a discard and having more subscribers
than visits any day is that you don't have to
be subscribed but what there is is that I'm
going to enter the channel enter
the more information tabs because there is
a video and there is no end of production
Antonio like enjoying it from there so
that they are going to stop production but
one day four thousand and some subscribers
a thousand and some visits the next day
lose a thousand and some followers of the plan of
what happens that no  the embryo takes shape what
happens here you know what well that
is a brutality and this
on state youtube
one day it's worth two allergies so call it you
know something it's not coinciding with 25
126 thousand right now I have well
being 13
being 13 thousand I already had many more
visits than the one we were talking about the same
topic
and I tobacco that with the support of
Voldemort with the unmentionable one
if I remember correctly more or less
once I saw a page without them selling
pretty ones and I think it was making maybe
fifty euros a thousand subscribers or something
like that it was expensive it was expensive that's why I tell you I say that
we're talking about that these
people have been able to put in 30,000 or 40,000
at least
with this work
their work too then the Dallas and
the balance and I would have money to
use it on that and he says look I didn't lose
so much and look what they were recovering
the wall and this
in fact since once
I am working now to then
retire to Dallas it is like the origin of the
fist well the payment to release a euro
must be  so or so I think that what
is paying for is half the things that
the one who pays is in it because I
think he releases it, the one with the wallet, we were
not even going to go, my house is burning, you know, he
came out, he is a guy with a lot of grit or grab water,
jarraud,
and you can see him wearing a 30
but let's take a little bit of
account, the comments start complaining a
lot now I want to make you arkedo,
tell you something else about tn that has
been, it has been, they support her today has been a
very ambitious day for me today has been a
euphoric day when you [ __ ] and they
keep sucking her off, not talking, edge, mind
and things I
like, I worked at tgn for a
year and for the record as a regulator doing
the talks and everything,
well, greetings to elite 2 light 2 divine
how beautiful full hd is under a volume
that beautiful okay bad it's the only time and he
reads us and turns up the volume, turn up
my volume now, well, I don't, I don't know
how I can turn up the volume and one
myself, you won't
have to avoid like the last video there is
altered
in the kitchen  ok forgive me
now you hear less kids malaga
sevilla that I don't know if you have been following
the thread the thread
imagine the last hydro well
basically explained this I already have
the account unlinked with with tn we already
have or to go scheduled no the
unlinking is not scheduled
to fulfill the contract I am going to go to the
legal I think I could leave without fulfilling it
but going to the legal I have it
scheduled so that to leave on the 25th
of next month when the
contract ends then just one day before they
will take away part of the payments and you
work retain
nothing has happened at the moment in which
just the day does not coincide or is it true one
day before for example and they can
block the contract and make the
proportional calculation and stop that for
a while if I did not leave through
legal but as I am doing it well it
is not that really the linking has to be
done through
network support and the unlinking is in the
case of support or the network on I
answer you do not have dealings with them and
as I have done and also every
week  I remember again that
making a hand I say hey don't forget and
set an alarm on your phone that Jordi
at 25 I'm leaving and so on
5 in the afternoon
then I
well didn't you take out the other day not with
this issue of the payments that you told us
in the thread but me knowing already
their response what it's going to be
I decided now when I had the
problem is to decide to send him an email
just for the laughs not only to see
that they answered me no and obviously they
answered me with an email exactly the
same copy and paste that they sent me in
another case that had a strike a strike
of the community standards and it asks me for the
screenshot of the UNHCR of the
colors of the copyright all
copyright is worth the dick and I don't know if you saw it would
go to the end of the thread not that 6 the
law many people my twitter that at the end
of the thread the last email that they send me is
telling me that youtube has indicated
that my videos have already been reviewed
manually and that they violate the rules
that they are not going to return it to me and I
tell them but if it still appears to me  that they have
n't reviewed it, it makes me bald, it doesn't
put me rejected yet and says no, it's not like
at any moment it's going to be
updated but
know that YouTube has already told us
no, the dates and I've already told him, well, what I
had told you, YouTube
22 or scammers so you can see that they
answer you for answering that I should send him
an awesome video, I don't know if it's eternal,
as I worked there, what I did was the
talent and recruiter part, I didn't
get into fairly large channels, channels
with millions a month and you charge
depending on what you want visits per month
with money is to charge six hundred euros,
no, not everyone measures a channel to
recruit it, imagine the beginning was your
day you go for a whole year, a
percentage of the earnings of that channel was
done, it is 70, 30 of that at 30 you
have a percentage for a whole year,
someone next, what they did was that
plan, well instead of being paid every month
two, we do a calculation more or less
what this man is generating each
month we multiply it by 12 and we
adapt the payment of those 12  months of
scale frontal people a thousand and if you are or the one I'm
going to walk already advanced three hundred
euros 400 more or less and sometimes it was they
gave you the contract and there were a lot
of templates that were copy and paste and
the same person who answers you who
is Andrs I know him who is a
musician also Andrs I knew him from
Llamas four years ago and the last I
know was like me at the same height but
in the end he grew and the people who
were at the top left bilingual king javi
diaz a lot of people were at the
top left because although the
network is still everywhere that there was no
good treatment that the contract is
poorly made they are worth the payments with him it is poorly
made I mean they saw
these big people who have done
[ __ ] and they caught them and say the
four of them were killed they were always eating in the
ass to be able to grow so
yes I believe the copy and paste an
email because Andrs
stop with the [ __ ] of course I am
saying that the email with which they
responded to this try was the same
email that I had in July I already went to
look for all the emails that I already had and  I
see that it is exactly the same you know what I'm
telling you yes it is and what I'm
saying is that let's see I'm not telling you
that they might have the same
power to do with us as they
might have count okay I can
understand that they might not be fine with it
look I can understand it but it really doesn't
add up to me either because a network and
also tn that we're not talking about maybe
cool what's it called it's made of
the w this new white I don't know what cool is
cinnamon or something and I don't remember what new
and it's from rez
or preach it is I don't understand no but tgn is
worth it to me if you to me that tgn has no way of
contacting youtube on site or in other words
because you don't do your job I understand
that I don't deserve the same all this
with you you earn 20 or 30 thousand euros a
month but because you don't do your job
why do we put me why do you lie to me
why do you tell me why do you tell me that
youtube has told you that they are not
going to return my videos that they have reviewed them and
now two days later they return them to me
schemes twenty-one  my face no longer links
a sold post or two contacted me on
youtube is [ __ ] Basque thing that I
have youtube of being [ __ ] Basque
two-room sauna another contact I will do for
nothing has lied to me but shamelessly
why the [ __ ] is he lying to me tell me look you know what it was I
talk to my poor little one he makes them dizzy
another day the crazy one and the kid
but the flower has not lied to us and he
was telling us let's see this
trying to contact him especially
with you that you are within the best
his you can also recommend me but they
are inside with you if he can give you
more cable way and then he says move
five trying to contrast passes and two
for claims and it is that he does not
answer me they answered and when they
answered that before they said that he did
not have a good video because he had
tears in his eyes and the title that was
misleading they answered that to him the
superior support and that plan but it
disrupts my drawing plan they are going to eat my
balls I do not know what his [ __ ] mother called me
because not only but on
top of that to love her it was funny the whole
channel and Tibet already [ __ ] I understand a
video on cable because of [ __ ] or with a  you
can have a plastic penis but with
the videos where the actress in
her [ __ ] van appears that they tell me it doesn't make
sense so for someone saying it's
like the channels they mark it it
's like the channel marks it and it doesn't matter
if they have their million one hundred thousand or
25 it's because it happens to anyone every
day but if you are a
million channel, give yourself an account,
give your account to Jairo, I've already experienced it this month, let's not
say no [ __ ] I've had
a detainee in total I don't know if it's been
two and a half million visits and we're
talking we're talking about
fifteen days of private videos, that is,
with half a month with half a month in
private let's say no because in the middle it's
worth it to me that we're talking about my income has
been 350 euros I think it is
and it's not much
this is not [ __ ] what I
mean is [ __ ] that I expected
more
and it's that the month I had the most were
two with three million and I earned almost 650
euros it's that I've also had a lot of
problems with the yellow icon and it's that
the two videos destroyed in
trend almost didn't bother me
one of them the million and a half I think I
started  to monetize the 200 or 300 thousand
and the one with half a million I think that what
ramonet did that we started
rehearsing almost at the end so for
example there are people who have had many
less visits than me and the same is worth it
but what I want to tell you is that a
channel for example two billion two million
subscribers if this happens to them and you go to
monetization at half it's not that they
earn more from the brands and you're like
any
badu for example comes to you and says hey
promote me that application that is about
football is not doing much for you and I think they
are paying more or less about 200
euros for the promotion and it's that they almost
charge more than for a video with a million
visits mature was paying 500
euros to channels with two hundred thirty thousand five
hundred euros and it was a video and an
instagram post one
hundred sure that it is unnecessary that's why I
say that's why look at something
that hurts me the young people will have
heard me say it a lot of times and it
is that to put the batteries on
YouTube here it is not worth it that  you make a
video criticizing him here it's not worth it for you to
cry on twitter here it's not worth it for you to make
a parody like the blond did not
here the only thing that would be worth it would be that
all the videos all the youtubers
both us and the small ones well as the
small ones because I mean that
we are medium sized I didn't want to say that we are big I mean
the small ones small us who are more or
less the medium sized and from
two hundred three hundred thousand to a million
and the big ones big big especially
in the big big big and not
monetize a single video no monetization
photo video
altuna monetize any video on youtube is
not left over you will continue to collect because
you have your promotions and your things
but the area if we are very
rats at shooting
we are very rats also collar better
[Music]
what a strike is about basically
today you sacrifice and tomorrow you have
the reward maybe today but tomorrow
you will earn like you earned two years ago
on youtube
in working they already understand that the strike
is plan I am not going to work and has put
on youtube  it would be a
Japanese strike or rather work a similar charge to
us and us but for example
YouTube YouTube is big
Edwin said the chubby these people where
maybe from an average of ten or
twenty thousand euros of charge I put together the
monetization that makes a thousand euros
and for that also a bonus I am not that it
went down a lot and of plan but well well
and this one to see if I am good or not
but yes imagine what we added before
corresponds if you had my analytics in
blanks that already the eggs to the ground
image what analytics of 20,000 25,000
euros per month quietly or rather brutal
this totality of the average that the
averages could be and we are talking that
for example this month monetizing badly they have
been 300 300 400 euros with two and a
half million visits in the month or
do an average and these people have let's
say I don't know how much they will have at least I
think five million
35 it was also okay well we are
talking about
multiplying the profit by more than ten for
me at least five thousand euros minimum about
556 and count that your videos have
many  ads that are paid more
because many people in Spain and have a
much higher CPM etc.
higher than ours also they with the
same visits as us charge more
than us no
currently machinima had a price it
depends on what it is that you
had it had a price of Navas more or
less according to the number of followers and
so on now now it is not so
notable but you do earn a lot more the
part that jumps out at you a lot more are 10
summits of followers followers
the followers I think it is the number
of monthly visits not that is where
the category changes from less to
positive
I think this change according to the
average number of subscribers the
average number of visits per month I think I think
that in reality it is the ranking
to position yourself if it is if it puts you at is that you have
gained many followers and
many visits in the last 30 days
people in three media that does not
influence your CPM of the ranking that you do
also does not change the CPM for when you
recover this truth
well of course what does
influence is that if you
have a much larger audience and many more
followers than the ads will be
seen and concern and science them
Ads are a bid, I am
Iberia and I bid so that the
miners come out well and I appear in x videos,
not in mine because they have a
small audience, then someone will
put the latest ad on you,
however, those that have a lot of followers
and a lot of difference, the ads cost
more money, the same ad that can
pay you and a half, Coca-Cola, McDonald's or
whatever, to one who can put it on,
hospitality, pep, inmates, you have to pay
a [ __ ] [ __ ], they will pay a thousand bucks to
have it, there is a bathroom, the other will pay the same,
100 thousand for a two-week campaign
until the ad, well in the market, it has
been, imagine a payment, they
are also thinking about some ad
for the swap,
they ask me around there if I am going to work
with some networks, it has already happened to the other side,
in the end I decided not for the moment,
at least not for the moment, right now we are
having a bad time these two or three
weeks, the truth is, I do not want to say, of
course, they are all the same because I
know that they are not,
okay, it cost me Buenos Aires, he is going to try
Bombay, videos, he will tell us, no,
but for example  2 b2 b2
youtube upload twice I know that they have become
good I know that they are in
as soon as it has a problem in cars now
if you videos really were not
3d measurements you remove it I know that it is
alive no I also know that
also in conditions we do not distinguish and
I plans are the same they have to
have an association because look aurum play
their plan is in itself I planned a force will
become a glove began doing
like the clip like this mounted between three
or four words lost visuals for
event management and that
these two do not say but but yes it
is true that they have already become
their own network I
think the owners are aurum place with
mich uribe de val
if I am not mistaken there were only three of them
and if you go to aurum play
in the social leite they appear we live
you will see the page of their plan is you will see
that the design is the same as when you go to
see
the legal basis it will be that they are the same
then a lot of coincidence the
design is the same same
infrastructure whether it is all the same it
is a lot of coincidence or it is very strange as you
know I think they are  the same or is it a
franchise or something like that, I do
n't understand because for example
Logan
well
[Music]
appear as they are called like that there is
the entity and the fasting how much
then I don't know at what level he knows what I'm
telling you the issue of acne how are they
going
no I don't know what my neighbor is cooking
how much sausage here at the door
because my wifi is going out bullying but he
is entering me right now one achieves
is killing bio issue while the
window by the golfito arroyo I don't know what the
[ __ ] is going on no but he was very determined to
work without nerves because right now I'm
going to try
everything because there are people who tell me
that they tell me another but right now I'm going to
try alone I think that right now I
paid too much money to acne quo okay well we
are talking that I am not a
youtube it is big
my thirty forty euros a month he
has taken them and this month of the 400 euros they are
going to blow at least 130 or 104
30 for nothing without the people for nothing I am
going to pay them 130 I pay for nothing he said
that I am going to give him money I tell you  It really
pisses me off, man, I really think about it
and it pisses me off in a way that is
not normal,
incredible,
and I'm going to give him 130 or 140 I pay for the
[ __ ] face when I could be spending a melon
ball or on anything in
my house, he has a period or a TV that is
broken and from the period and I'm like,
for very, very little for what you
see them it's more normal that
I paid him 40 or 30 euros a month
and the [ __ ] for the
Vodafone bill, for the internet bill at
home, I have internet, both
mobile lines are [ __ ], my wife's with 10
GB and the iPhone that's on all the
bills is 60 euros a month and now I
'm paying these people 30, 40, 50
euros and this month 130 euros for nothing
because they send me an email and deceive me, it's
not that you put a lot of air on me,
we end up very burned out because in the
end when we're not just talking about the
problem of the strikes, we're
talking about that I  when I've had
problems with the sick that you all
know, I've sent them videos where they
defame me, they already show my face and put
[ __ ] in my eyes and a lot of things
and they insult me and a lot of things
happen to the videos and they've told me that we
were, you liked it, I
came like and
when I have to report a video,
the small Castell or it helps me more to what
I network
and when I have to appeal a strike or
I did it and now you're
taking my money brno man don't touch my
balls you know one thing
we haven't talked about man that maybe it hasn't
fallen for it, his music is used a lot,
epidemic of the epidemic, I don't know if
now well he asks me, they usually sell me
a lot of things, it's
not that he takes you tgn and all the videos,
whatever you've put, the music of the
decent ones, they monetize them for themselves,
no, I couldn't because the videos when they were
uploaded she was under his contract, are you
going to make it so easy? I
subscribe, I pay five payments and it's over
exactly exactly, I highlight what the
[ __ ] he I don't know what with it  they worked the
other day that I told him but yes it's worth
5.56 euros
yes you're paying it so we
're paying you and no no no it's like I don't have it
the sons of [ __ ] are claiming it
and sima the other day
a girl contacted me several
guys contacted me with this with twitter I was
dropping [ __ ] and a girl told me they
say just like gauguin and they tell me more there
were videos that threatened me that they should
take them off or if not my mind still extract it
was you the sons of [ __ ]
but stress
is music in the background and it's very
difficult and they have to be very conscientious
for it to detect you
so it's clear who is bigger than
the music of Mario and that's what I
say goodbye for what I charge for of course
that I charge also for ass I prefer it
is with the joke you know with the
joke that the subscribers
tell me no with the webcam and with the
shitty Mario music and I do it more for
the laughs than anything else but it
doesn't jump on me because  It's hard for you that you
're talking over the music that
the music is low that you want that no it
's not always maybe you change
the speed a little also some
original music changed the speed a
little there
are many tricks there supposedly it does
n't come out you have six seconds of
music to play without it skipping in fact
the SGAE can only fine you or use
more than six seconds of a sampler if
you put less it doesn't save you and the money for
example it does it from the meager ones that five
seconds and cuts
whether the trick for example a
famous song and I will put it for 5 seconds I with
the short one
then many people the trick and they put
those 5 seconds just so that the dog
of goal the society listen to me it drives you
balls that
Hugo from Big Brother 12 became first it
's not that this is already incredible
[Laughs]
but the day before yesterday another one from Big Brother
see I don't know what and I grabbed the people and we went over
there and well we did it to Boca who
is connected now you don't know who it is that
a great girl who 11 is always
in first I don't know how well after the
first  and we made him sing with the sola
team, I mean, we got in and we all started
to play we want him to sing
Latin heart and the girl was like that and we
got into Big Brother and we said
Big Brother changed your life today you're
a normal person from before
and he started charging at everything our
[ __ ] mother of god well I think we're
going to start connecting it's already
hitting us a little it's already circulated to the
metal chairs where when you put your project
these days of videos yes because you
're totally calm it's
more the time that he's making
videos been with other projects with a
documentary about drug addiction meditating I
'm with my album I'm with the
clothing mess maybe again
with the documentary it's going to take a lot of
time what being many are
polydrug addicts and so on asking for the
licenses of use 1 I think he's in
jail labor and so on it's more complex
than I thought signing licenses
image rights and so on much more
complex that's why with a lot
a lot of calm then he'll release us
all in one chapter no test or they have it
thinking or I'm going to release it in two ways
I'm going to release the documentary that will be  the
long one that will last a politician with several
interviews and such and another that will be the
short that will last like 15 minutes is the
short version and if people want to
see more what I had planned mamo from
the beginning if to take out the cut and the
long one and the long one perfect than seeing the
cut breeders of more than in the long one
directly then if both audiences
the people who don't want to have much
or the one you love a lot who want to see
all the time or in pieces or whatever like that
a little bit in that way
the channel has not been doing it has not been
advancing other videos
tomorrow which is about a
halloween pumpkin to go action of the quota
person more looked pray making the
cut because I am range for a
sperm unit in with banks and where
this one is left-handed and then I'm going to do another one
that is a type of trivial in which there
will be that asks me if if I fail half
of the leg you know white will be the real time
but it's only a collaboration with an
aesthetic that came here with the sidewalk and
in which to record meters how many with two
cameras and come on question will fail
up there goes up you now I
have to upload the videos that I don't know  if
four or five videos in fact these
days he is quiet with the
youtube monkey it is that you have to see how much it is
missed it is that he says you put money
really it is that I like it man it is that I
really that it is that we are suffering
man these days without being able to upload videos
without being able we are sure if we whatever it
is I like that it is not
different for money no no it is that I
like it I
think I do not know if there are five videos that I have
prepared six and one of them
has been a prank call that has
come out very nice look that I am a
package making jokes so much
hidden camera as such but to try it and it
has come out very nice and I took it it does not
feel like I sent it by whatsapp
and now I realized that it eliminates it I
hate again but already the edited one I
deleted it with which I have them all they
ask for a plan with their thumbnail prepared and I
have the original thank goodness that at
least from the original and it gives clues are
other sayings air I have it then by
private but I have an interview that is that
nobody expects three interviews
but incredible one of them is the
biggest that there was on the channel and when
I talk about big  I'm talking about famous YouTube
but it's like
people are going to say what the [ __ ] these
no another YouTuber is also quite
good and famous and another
and I say another because this is a girl she is not
a YouTube this life gives many
clues okay she is not a YouTuber as such she
is a colleague of yours from your network and it is not like that said
the name came up in this state
also the name of 31 came up and in fact
the three names but it's tiring Lyonnais
had some I think the three names to
Lyon I am one
even I would pay what I can earn in
12 months from me from my channel to have a
face to face interview with long ones
with desire
with the [ __ ] we charge it's very easy to
say I would pay what I charge not in
a year man in a year the
interview
closes or explodes that has to be
incredible it would be a review quite
with that guy who doesn't do it he doesn't do it
what are you going to do in the back and if they continue
the videos that are prepared that have a
script and have everything and even so the city
of argument is it is an entity it is a
lie because it is a lie it is a lie and
denied and he left  manchot and
prepare a [ __ ] video and everything is a
lie according to you the screenshots these are
manipulated but the lives that I
put are original put your balls
bells that you have to open our
management planet
has no future
with the country because the clean in image
of all
for the country the newspaper would be to take out
another best seller today I will be made
and a best seller and I want me to free myself
if I can do anything for weeks and it is
saying those who now not even inside me for
clean what comes is that I make a
seller level movie but what do you see it was
said to him big [ __ ] if that is written by
another person you only 20 signatures subject that he
did with his own Vegeta
emails of his now a play cause 2 from
before the same take the book is signature
here in signature to the studio the same
writer of best-sellers night best
seller you have your closet daily daily
what commands balls that ok daily
is the newspaper that has to clean up
its image
in Burger King as if it is as if
Burger King recommended a healthy life
touch your balls we already know about daily
but of course it is that that article that
interview  It was totally shameless
because the interview is that we get
here a piece of youtube see what see
being a video game programmer and also I do
n't know that I don't know how much actor DJ I don't know
what the hell else he has, he's from the
same publisher that he does in the book,
obviously totally shameless, I
expect an operation between lvaro Jeta and
Dallas, of course, to upload I still have
much better alma novelty because at
least it was still sometimes it is done
in this grace the technical
sometimes it makes humor sometimes
sometimes what happens is that with
Blancas and Burt
not so stupid he remembers and created the video
if it and I let's
see
better 7 that sport
could not have not failed much it is cut
well it goes better
you listen to me well I have a sun in pieces
you do not listen to me but everyone listens to
the other now lady sir you listen
[Music] we
already have
7 Crdoba
it is a conspiracy that is an
inspiration how
much water
Omar can you be
heard
here is the wifi and the cell phone that if it is not
costing you coverage you are surely
seen but you are heard
and you are not heard now  now
with pieces nothing that we are going to say
goodbye although we have to go to the gentleman
thank you very much to them it has been a
pleasure this is one we have
arrived I think I think we have
reached number 2 today if I'm not
mistaken how number 2 arrives until it has
arrived if almost 1000 lights and
almost 1000 lives how good people
are paying attention to what we talk about because they have
not been there giving it a lot of wax
but well now since I have the meat I no longer care like it was the
same
because it was the same and nothing man I hope your
video I am very happy today has been a
very happy day for us we have
beaten he beat YouTube and we have
beaten the Danish Kurt and we have beaten
Nadal it is very important it is quite
entertaining and well for my
subscribers that tomorrow there is a video tomorrow
and video I
will be uploading every day for three or
four days the videos that I have made
and one will also see okay audio
thank you very much for having
accompanied me churra a pleasure we are for
another there we will see the next one okay to
do acero funk acero funk also from
Yuro from Jairo because many times  I usually hang
out there with him. You know what? There are
often channels between us
that aren't mine, and one of them
is Jairo's. I'm a fan of Jairo's and
this morning, and have a good one.
Bye.